The Joe Rogan experience.
You think about all this,
all what we're doing for the Florida shooting and for the shootings and what
that David hog guy come on, man. That that's,
what's scary is that people are buying all that stuff, buying all.
That stuff.
The whole gun control propaganda, you know, it's so obvious. It's, it's,
it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous.
The gun control propaganda is.
It's really simple, man. It's like, they've been tr you,
you have to disarm the population and that's what they're doing.
And by buy-ins trying to disarm it, they used to say, they used to say, oh no,
we just want some restrictions. And some background checks.
Now they're just saying it. You know, they.
Some people are saying D revoke, the second amendment.
They're tearing the constitution. They're tearing the constitution.
Those four kids, those four kids.
There's a constant. No, they weren't. They weren't, that's not true. No, no.
That's Photoshop. No, it isn't. Yeah. There's original image that,
that girl was tearing. It was like a target. She was saying,
target someone replaced that image with the constitution.
But they're essentially doing the same.
Thing. Yeah, no, I know what you're saying. That look, first of all, they're 17.
They were at a school that got shot up. Their friends died.
I get it from their point of view. If I was 17, I would think.
And also they got cameras in their face and everybody's paying attention to
them. And every, the New York times is interviewing on the Washington post.
Everyone's calling them up. If I was them,
I'd probably be doing the same thing you would probably too.
If you were in high school with those kids and all that went down,
I don't blame them by any stretch of the imagination.
I don't even blame people that are trying to revoke the second amendment.
The thing that infuriates me the most is that all people want to look at is the
guns. That's all they want to look at.
You need to look at the mental health of individuals that are willing to shoot
up a group of kids. Like why, why the would someone do that?
Psychiatric medications are a big one that if you bring up people roll their
eyes like, oh, this again,
they're massive changes to the chemical composition of your brain.
When you take these things, what you're capable of doing, what bothers you?
What freaks you out?
What you don't give a about when you got all these people that are on an SSRI,
antidepressants and anti-anxiety medication and over and over and over again.
When they test these shooters,
they all test positive for something the pharmaceutical companies do not want to
hear about this. They don't want to talk about this. Phil Hartman,
my friend who got shot by his wife, she was on Zoloft.
They got a settlement from Zoloft.
The family got a settlement from Zoloft after she shot him in the head while he
was sleeping. This is there's a lot going on. It's not just guns.
It is crazy that that up kid could get guns. It is crazy. Crazy.
The FBI went to his house two years before, but what can you do?
Do you hear about that kid? That they just stopped in China,
the Chinese immigrant kid,
they're sending back that his roommates in college were saying, this guy,
stockpile and guns. The cops went to visit him.
He went and bought another gun and he's talking all kinds of crazy.
And everybody's nervous about him. Like, he's a shooter, wedded,
ready to happen, stop going to class.
And that's how they sent him back because he's on a student visa.
You can't not be in class. This kid was like gearing up.
He was gearing up and maybe, maybe they caught it before it happened.
And maybe they wouldn't have like two years ago when they interviewed this, uh,
the kid from Parkland.
Now the strangest thing about that Parkland shooting is
the interview. One of the teachers did on ABC.
That's this, this doesn't make any sense to me at all. It's like, uh,
she said, um, I have the video. I could send it to you. It's less than a minute.
She says, why? I opened up,
I heard the sh I heard shots opened up the door. All the kids ran in.
They hid behind their desk. And there, I saw the shooter 20 feet away from me.
But at first I thought he was a policeman. I'm like,
what is the police doing here?
He had full body armor a mask on a helmet on and was shooting.
I was like, what is the cart? What are the cops doing here?
That is the strangest, uh, video I've.
Seen because possibly someone shooting at the kid.
That's not, when she said, she said she saw the shooter. That's right.
But I mean, how long was she watching for, right.
If you look looking out the window,
you see someone that's shooting someone or shooting a gun,
or even holding a gun. First of all,
you have to realize that people in those traumatic situations,
their memory is very up. It's very shaking.
Your brain is flooded with adrenaline. You remember you're open a suggestion.
People can put things in your head and you all of a sudden think that that was a
real memory that you saw.
There's been like scientific studies on that and about suggestive memory and
about someone can literally, especially during periods of great duress,
they can introduce ideas into your head. And you will tell those ideas,
uh, hours later, days later as your own.
And you don't even realize that they put them in your head.
It's real weird memory in traumatic situations like gun
shootouts and like that is haywire because you're on,
you're working on that reptilian part of your brain.
You're down to the lowest level. Like my friend, Steve,
Rinella got attacked by a grizzly bear. He was in a fog neck island.
It's a crazy podcast. Him and these other guys,
they had killed an elk and they were packing this elk out.
And they left the elk by the tree while they were at their camp.
Then they went to go back in a Baird claim, the elk and this bear rushed him.
And he was like, one of the ways he described to me, it's like,
you have an idea in your head of like, what,
like an animal instinct is like, and he goes, I'm telling you,
this goes way deeper than that. This goes, wait,
when you really think your life is in danger, you really think it's over.
You don't even exist anymore. You're moving. You have no idea what you're doing.
You're you're you, you have to piece together what happened afterwards.
And you were barely there in the first place. You're just gone. You're gone.
You see somebody outside,
you have no idea who you even are right there.
And then all these people they're like,
I want run in the building kicked that guy's. You barely even know who you are.
You got this video.
I sent you the video, the video that, uh, people.
Have to understand memory. Well, let's do it. Listen.
To us. And then let's see if she sounds like, let's see.
What she says.
Now. I actually sent, sent you that the actual clips.
This is not it.
Didn't I send, I sent you one right on your phone. That's that's the lady.
But I don't know when, when she's going to say.
Well, let's just play it. Cause we don't hear it. We're not hearing it Jamie.
Okay.
Dick writing love letters. When the fire alarm went off,
as students filed into the hallway, she heard gunfire the killing.
I was about two feet away from my door.
All of a sudden I heard gunshots in the stairwell,
which is about 20 feet away from my room.
And then kids were screaming and then running back towards me and towards the
end of the hallway.
So I just went in this very strange autopilot mode where I pivoted on my feet.
I unlocked my door and the kids just start pouring in my room.
I don't know how many kids were in there,
but I was pulling them and getting them in and shouting at them to get in the
room.
And then I suddenly saw the shooter about 20 feet from me standing at the end of
the hallway, actively shooting down the hallway, just a barrage of bullets.
And I'm staring at him thinking, why is the police here?
This is strange because he's in full metal, garb, helmet, face mask,
a Bulletproof armor shooting.
This rifle that I've never seen before.
Saw something. Yeah. That's very good.
Yeah. There's another video of a girl saying, yeah,
we heard shots and we're running through the hallway.
And then I run into Nicholas Cruz and I looked at him and I told him, I'm like,
isn't it weird that everyone thought this was going to be you?
And then he just stood there. And then we ran off. Cause we heard more shots.
That's th th it doesn't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense.
And that stops. Now those videos get taken down. Those videos get taken.
Down videos, not taken down. They've.
Been taking them down. When they find them, they take their people,
actively taken down,
witness testimony that doesn't go with the official narrative, man.
So you think that this is like a false flag. Like someone shot up.
They do it all the time. That's what they do. And then they focus on it.
They got it. They got bad. This Nicholas Cruz guy. And they got all,
we got a perfect guy. So they come in, they have a professional team.
They drag a Nicholas crews. They do what they gotta do.
They throw them in there, arrest them and go, we got them.
And then everyone buys it. That's what's going on. Right.
But this is a, this is a crazy opinion, right? Because you weren't there.
I'm at the other side of the country. I'm sure.
But every time there's any sort of a mass event, some horrible event,
there's always conspiracies. You know.
Because most of these staff they're like, they have, uh,
what was going on right before this was the release of the Pfizer document and
conspiracy, you know,
and the media was bearing that the fact that document was a document that
Trump released and got zero,
zero air up a play from mainstream media.
And it was a document that, that showed that
a lot of really important people in government from all the agencies
were all colluding together to take down Trump and there's text messages and
emails, they're going back and forth.
So they all worked together with Hollywood, with using Hollywood.
So there's this.
So Pfizer document was about to get dropped and everyone was saying, wait, what?
They're they they're backed into a corner. They're going to pull something off.
Watch here it comes. They're going to pull out.
There's going to be a shooting or something. Wait for it. Here it comes.
And then boom. So as soon as it happened,
the reason why conspiracy theorists are gone, that's it.
And look at all the mistakes. Look at, look at all that,
the testimony that doesn't make any sense that they're ignoring like that.
Th th the thing that,
the thing that gets me is it there's so many ups in that shooting as a
false flag where like all these, these witness tests, the witness testimony,
that doesn't make any sense. That to me,
I think they did it on purpose to keep all the conspiracy theorists busy,
because there's so much that's going to clear and to keep, to keep everyone.
Away, that doesn't make any sense to keep everybody.
Away from the fight.
But you know what? It's also possible.
The people that were at that shooting their memories all up,
because there were so many shooting people. That's a real thing.
Like that's a hundred percent.
She sound like she didn't know what she was talking about. It didn't.
Sound like it then, but that wasn't when the shooting was going down. Yeah.
You got to see people when you see people like right. When they've seen some,
their brains scrambled. Yeah.
That's something that have to take into consideration,
especially some nice lady, probably never saw anybody get shot in their life.
Probably never saw much violence.
Maybe. I don't know. There's two, there's two sides of it.
There's there's people that believe the official story.
And then there's people that see it as, oh,
this was the false flag to distract from the Pfizer document.
I'm not saying that false flags don't exist. I mean,
you and I have was discussed on this podcast in great detail,
the most important false flag, which is operation Northwest. They're willing.
To do that. They're willing to do anything. Well, it's.
Not that this is also the problem. When we say they operation north,
which was 1962, the question is if that's how they did business back then,
which is what they did. I mean, operation Northwoods,
they were planning on attacking Guantanamo bay with a Cuban,
going to arm, Cuban friendlies have them attack Guantanamo bay.
They're going sacrifice American lives.
They were going to blow up a drone jetliner, blame it on the Cubans.
All this was to get us enthusiastic about going to war with Cuba.
They were going to sacrifice American lives. This is a hundred percent.
They were going to lie and think.
Which is normal empires for all countries. This is just a normal,
false flags are,
it's nothing new it's been going on since the Dawn of time false flags.
The question is, and this is for the rational person. Who's like,
this is ridiculous. You have to wonder, is that evolved? Right?
Everything evolves. The, the, uh, the, the, the way we use technology evolves,
the way we use literature evolves the way we use TV evolve, everything evolves.
Does that evil corruption in government evolve too?
Or does it just somehow or another gets snuffed out because of the light that I
don't buy, that I don't buy.
That if you look at all the different things that we've shown that there's
collusion in,
just look at the fact that someone like Hillary Clinton can run for president
while she was making hundreds of thousands of dollars giving speeches to banks.
Like when she was in that debate with Bernie Sanders and Bernie Sanders was
like, release his transcripts. Tell us what you said,
tell us what you said to those nice banker people that gave you a half a million
dollars or whatever the they gave you.
That's insane to think that someone was like, listen, dude,
she is so entertaining.
We're going to give her $250,000 for an hour. It's worth it. Trust me.
I know we're in the banking business and I know we make money with money.
You know? I mean, we're all about money.
We know the value of money we're in the banking business.
This lady talking is worth a quarter million dollars.
It's the best she's going to go up there. She's going to knock your socks off.
So good.
She's amazing.
She's fun.
Funny. She's hilarious. Oh my God. She's amazing.
Speech is super well haired.
And she stands up there on the podium and just knocks your Dick into the dirt.
What is this? Hillary Clinton gets humiliating $7,000,
less than Snooki for a speech at Rutgers as their story grows old.
Wow. So she got, she got her price slashed at $25,000. I.
Think they're going to throw her under the bus. Her standard.
Fee was $200,000 per speech,
but some folks suggest that it may be her broken record that set the
recent slash price of 25,000.
He made so much money off the Claire foundation. She's fine. She's about that.
And she's like, I'll do it for a thousand.
Did I got a hundred million from that Haiti earthquake? Or you get it?
Yeah, but those people, people like her,
I think one of the things in the back of their head is always the potential
litigation. I think they always want to stockpile legal funds.
Cause someone could always come after them.
They're like, you know, if you had a hundred million and now you have, you know,
75 million, you're like, oh my God, to 50, we got,
I gotta take some odd jobs and, do some speeches in Saudi Arabia.
Listen, it should be illegal for someone to run for president.
If someone who they could influence in a positive way with passing things and
signing legislature. If, if you know,
pushing things forward using their influence.
If someone is in a position that they could do that for a company and that
company wants them giving you $200,000 to talk,
that's just insane. That's insane. That's bribery. That's it.
Are you saying that it's worth $200,000? If she sucked every Dick in the room,
it wouldn't be worth $200,000, right?
There's no way who's going to pay a thousand dollars for Hillary Clinton, bro.
Job. Other than for the story.
I think she didn't get a lot of money for blow jobs. Did I think
all right guys, we'll just be on down. Dude. Busting Devin,
boot cockies. You know what I mean? She'll do do a bit cocky.